adds more expected naming conventions to the list (#13463)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/references/naming-conventions.md

Examples: `length/1`, `String.length/1`

In other words, functions using the word "size" in its name will take the same amount of time whether the data structure is tiny or huge. Conversely, functions having "length" in its name will take more time as the data structure grows in size.

### get, fetch, fetch!

When you see the functions `get`, `fetch`, and `fetch!` for collections, you can expect the following behaviours:

> - `get` returns `nil` if the item is not present in the collection, or the requested item.

Reviewer: Technically it returns a default, which by default is nil.

Author: Good point!

> ### get, fetch, fetch!
> 
> When you see the functions `get`, `fetch`, and `fetch!` for collections, you can expect the following behaviours:
> 
> - `get` returns `nil` if the item is not present in the collection, or the requested item.
> - `fetch` returns `:error` if the item is not present in the collection, `{:ok, item}` if it is.
> - `fetch!` *raises* if the item is not present in the collection, or the requested item.
> 
> Examples: `Map.get/2`, `Map.fetch/2`, `Map.fetch!/2`, `Keyword.get/2`, `Keyword.fetch/2`, `Keyword.fetch!/2`

Reviewer 2: I think initially we should say this is about key-value. For example, lists or enums do not have get! WDYT?

```suggestion
### get, fetch, fetch!

When you see the functions `get`, `fetch`, and `fetch!` for key-value data structures, you can expect the following behaviours:

- `get` returns `nil` if the key is not present, or the requested value.
- `fetch` returns `:error` if the key is not present, `{:ok, value}` if it is.
- `fetch!` *raises* if the key is not present, or the requested value.

Examples: `Map.get/2`, `Map.fetch/2`, `Map.fetch!/2`, `Keyword.get/2`, `Keyword.fetch/2`, `Keyword.fetch!/2`
```

Author: Lovely!
